Add one sentence defining Type III CRISPR (#1093)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/10.diagnostics.md

All these methods required upstream nucleic acid amplification prior to CRISPR-based detection. 
They are relying on type V (Cas12-based) and type IV (Cas13-based) CRISPR systems.
In contrast, type III CRISPR systems have the unique property of initiating a signaling cascade, which could boost the sensitivity of direct RNA detection. 
In type III CRISPR systems, guide crRNAs are bound by several Cas proteins [@doi:10.1007/978-1-4939-2687-9_4] and can target both DNA and RNA molecules [@doi:10.1016/j.mib.2017.08.003; @doi:10.1016/j.tim.2016.09.012].

> A study tested this hypothesis using the type III-A CRISPR RNA (crRNA)-guided surveillance complex from Thermus thermophilus [@doi:10.1101/2020.10.14.20212670]. 

Author: Update to published doi? 10.1016/j.xcrm.2021.100319

Author: ```suggestion
A study tested this hypothesis using the type III-A CRISPR RNA (crRNA)-guided surveillance complex from _Thermus thermophilus_ [@doi:10.1016/j.xcrm.2021.100319]. 
```

They showed that activation of the Cas10 polymerase generates three products (cyclic nucleotides, protons, pyrophosphates) that can all be used to detect SARS-CoV-2 RNA. 

> Direct detection was 100-fold more sensitive than direct detection by Cas13.

Author: ```suggestion
```
